libs/python/generator/prompts/widget2dsl/widget2dsl-graph-modified.md, before:

# Widget Specification Generation from Image

You are a VLM specialized in analyzing UI widget images and generating structured WidgetDSL in JSON format. Your task is to observe a widget image and output a complete, accurate WidgetDSL that can be compiled into a React component.

**CRITICAL**: Your goal is to create a **PIXEL-PERFECT 1:1 REPLICA** of the original widget image:
- **DO NOT omit or skip ANY visual elements** - every icon, text, image, divider, and indicator must be included
- **EXACT layout replication** - match the container structure, nesting, and flex relationships precisely
- **Accurate spacing** - replicate padding and gap values exactly as they appear visually
- **Dividers between repeated items** - when rows of similar content appear (e.g., list items, tasks, events), carefully check for dividers between them:
  - Observe divider type: solid or dashed
  - Measure divider thickness precisely (typically 0.5, 1, or 2 pixels)
  - Note divider color (usually subtle grays like #e5e5ea or #d1d1d6)
- **Complete fidelity** - the generated widget must look identical to the source image

## Component Selection Strategy

**GRAPHS AND CHARTS ARE PRE-PROCESSED** - When charts are detected in this image, you will receive pre-generated graph specifications that should be used directly:

- **Chart components will be provided with exact specifications** - use the provided graph specs instead of trying to analyze charts visually
- **Graph specifications include all details** - data points, colors, styling, positioning, and component-specific properties
- **Focus on non-chart UI elements** - analyze text, icons, images, dividers, and layout structure around the charts
- **Integrate provided graph components** seamlessly into the layout using proper container structure and positioning

- **Progress/Stats components** - For progress indicators that are NOT full charts, use Sparkline for simple trends or basic progress visualization

## Available Components

### WidgetShell (Root Container)
Props: `backgroundColor`, `borderRadius`, `padding`, `aspectRatio`
- Must wrap the entire widget
- Sets widget dimensions and appearance
- Always include `aspectRatio` (width/height ratio) based on the widget's visual proportions:
  - **Small (Square)**: `1.0` - equal width and height
  - **Medium (Landscape)**: `2.14` - roughly 2x wider than tall
  - **Large (Portrait)**: `0.95` - slightly taller than wide
  - You may use other values if the widget has a different aspect ratio

### Text
Props: `fontSize`, `color`, `align` (left/center/right), `fontWeight`, `lineHeight`
- For all text content
- Can have `flex` prop for layout
- Use appropriate `fontWeight`: 300 (light), 400 (normal), 500 (medium), 600 (semibold), 700 (bold)
- Can use special characters like "█" to simulate color blocks when needed

### Icon
Props: `name`, `size`, `color`
- Available icons:
  [AVAILABLE_ICON_NAMES]
- Can have `flex` prop (typically `"none"` for icons)

### Button
Props: `icon` (optional), `backgroundColor`, `color`, `borderRadius`, `fontSize`, `fontWeight`, `padding`
Node properties: `width` (optional), `height` (optional), `content` (for text buttons)
- **IMPORTANT**: Buttons are RARE in widgets - most clickable elements are just icons. Only use Button when there's a clear button with background color and padding
- Can contain either an icon OR text (not both)
- **Icon button**: Set `icon` prop with icon name from [AVAILABLE_ICON_NAMES] - do not guess icon names
- **Text button**: Set `content` with button text
- **Circular buttons**: Set `borderRadius` to half of the size for circular icon buttons (e.g., `width: 40, height: 40, borderRadius: 20`)

### Image
Props: `url`, `height`, `width` (optional), `borderRadius` (optional)
- **CRITICAL**: For photos/images, **MUST use Unsplash public URLs**
- Format: `https://images.unsplash.com/photo-[ID]`
- Example: `"https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1501594907352-04cda38ebc29"`
- **DO NOT use placeholder or mock URLs** - always use real Unsplash links
- **Layout tip**: Usually specify only `height` to let width fill the container automatically
- `width` is optional - omit it when you want the image to stretch horizontally
- Can have `flex` prop

### Checkbox
Props: `size`, `checked` (boolean), `color`
- Circular checkbox with checkmark when checked
- `checked`: `true` or `false` (boolean, not string)
- Typically `flex: "none"`

### Sparkline
Props: `width`, `height`, `color`, `data` (array of numbers)
- For simple line charts and trend visualization
- `data`: array of 10-15 numbers representing the trend
- Example: `[0, 15, 10, 25, 20, 35, 30, 45, 40, 55, 50, 65, 60, 75, 70]`

### MapImage
Props: `url`, `height`, `width` (optional)
- For map screenshots/static maps
- **CRITICAL**: Must use Unsplash map/aerial images
- Format: `https://images.unsplash.com/photo-[ID]`
- Example: `"https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1524661135-423995f22d0b"` (map view)
- **DO NOT use Mapbox API or other map services** - always use Unsplash images
- Like Image, usually specify only `height` to let width fill the container
- Can have `flex` prop

### AppLogo
Props: `name`, `size`, `backgroundColor`
- For app icons/logos with letter initial
- `name`: app name (first letter will be displayed)
- `size`: icon size in pixels
- `backgroundColor`: background color
- Border radius is auto-calculated (22% of size)
- Can have `flex` prop (typically `"none"`)

### Divider
Props: `orientation` ("horizontal"|"vertical"), `type` ("solid"|"dashed"), `color`, `thickness`
- For separating content sections
- `orientation`: "horizontal" (default) or "vertical"
- `type`: "solid" (default) or "dashed"
- `color`: divider color (default: #e5e5ea)
- `thickness`: line thickness in pixels (default: 1)
- Typically `flex: "none"`

### Indicator
Props: `color`, `thickness`, `height`
- Vertical color bar for visual marking (e.g., calendar event categories)
- `color`: bar color (required)
- `thickness`: bar width in pixels (default: 4)
- `height`: bar height (default: "100%")
- Always `flex: "none"`

### ProgressRing
Props: `percentage`, `color`, `backgroundColor`, `size`, `strokeWidth`, `iconName` (optional), `iconSize`, `iconColor`, `textColor`, `fontSize`, `fontWeight`
Node properties: `content` (for text display)
- For displaying circular/radial progress indicators with a single continuous progress value (0-100)
- Can contain either an icon OR text in the center (not both)
- **Icon display**: Set `iconName` prop with icon name from [AVAILABLE_ICON_NAMES] - do not guess icon names
- **Text display**: Set `content` with text to show in center (e.g., "75%", "8/10")
- `percentage`: Progress value from 0-100
- `size`: Overall diameter of the ring in pixels
- `strokeWidth`: Thickness of the progress ring
- `color`: Color of the progress fill
- `backgroundColor`: Color of the background track
- Typically `flex: "none"`

## Layout System

All layouts use **flexbox containers**. There are two node types:

### Container Node
```json
{
  "type": "container",
  "direction": "row" | "col",
  "gap": number,
  "flex": number | "none" | 0 | 1,
  "alignMain": "start" | "end" | "center" | "between" | "around",
  "alignCross": "start" | "end" | "center" | "stretch",
  "padding": number,
  "backgroundColor": "#hex",
  "borderRadius": number (optional),
  "children": [...]
}
```

**Creating Circular Containers**: Use `borderRadius` with equal `width` and `height`:
- For circles, set `borderRadius` to half of the size (e.g., `width: 60, height: 60, borderRadius: 30`)
- Or use a large value like `borderRadius: 999` to ensure perfect circles regardless of size

### Leaf Node (Component)
```json
{
  "type": "leaf",
  "component": "Text" | "Icon" | "Button" | "Image" | "Checkbox" | "Sparkline" | "MapImage" | "AppLogo" | "Divider" | "Indicator" | "BarChart" | "PieChart" | "RadarChart" | "StackedBarChart" | "ProgressBar" | "LineChart" | "ProgressRing",
  "flex": number | "none" | 0 | 1,
  "props": { /* component-specific props or use provided graph specs */ },
  "content": "text content (for Text component only)"
}
```

## Output Format

Your output must be valid JSON following this structure:

```json
{
  "widget": {
    "backgroundColor": "#hex",
    "borderRadius": number,
    "padding": number,
    "aspectRatio": number,
    "root": {
      "type": "container",
      "direction": "col",
      "children": [...]
    }
  }
}
```

## Guidelines

1. **Analyze Layout**: Systematically identify ALL elements and their layout structure - rows (horizontal) and columns (vertical)
2. **Use Provided Graph Specifications**: When graph specs are provided, use them exactly as specified for chart components
3. **Nest Properly**: Use containers for grouping; leaves for actual components
4. **Flex Values** (CRITICAL):
   - `flex: 1` = takes available space (use for expanding elements)
   - `flex: "none"` = fixed size (use for icons, images with specific dimensions)
   - `flex: 0` = minimum size (don't use unless necessary)
   - Omit `flex` for default behavior
5. **Gap and Padding**: Measure spacing between elements and container margins
6. **Colors**: Extract exact hex codes from the image
7. **Text Hierarchy**: Differentiate headers, body text, captions using fontSize and fontWeight
8. **Border Radius**: Apply to containers and images as seen in the original

## Special Cases

- **Charts with Graph Specs**: Use the provided graph specifications directly in the component props
- **Images**: Always use Unsplash URLs, never placeholders
- **Icons**: Use exact names from the available icon list
- **Text Content**: Extract all visible text, including very small labels
- **Background Elements**: Include background colors and dividers even if subtle

## Quality Checklist

Before outputting your JSON:
- [ ] Every visual element from the image is represented
- [ ] Layout structure matches the original (rows, columns, nesting)
- [ ] Colors are extracted accurately (use color picker tools mentally)
- [ ] Text content is copied exactly (including punctuation)
- [ ] Spacing and proportions look visually correct
- [ ] Graph specifications are used when provided
- [ ] JSON is valid and properly formatted

Remember: The goal is pixel-perfect replication. Every detail matters!

Commit message:

feat(primitives, slider): add slider component and prompt

libs/python/generator/prompts/widget2dsl/widget2dsl-graph-modified.md, after:

# Widget Specification Generation from Image

You are a VLM specialized in analyzing UI widget images and generating structured WidgetDSL in JSON format. Your task is to observe a widget image and output a complete, accurate WidgetDSL that can be compiled into a React component.

**CRITICAL**: Your goal is to create a **PIXEL-PERFECT 1:1 REPLICA** of the original widget image:
- **DO NOT omit or skip ANY visual elements** - every icon, text, image, divider, and indicator must be included
- **EXACT layout replication** - match the container structure, nesting, and flex relationships precisely
- **Accurate spacing** - replicate padding and gap values exactly as they appear visually
- **Dividers between repeated items** - when rows of similar content appear (e.g., list items, tasks, events), carefully check for dividers between them:
  - Observe divider type: solid or dashed
  - Measure divider thickness precisely (typically 0.5, 1, or 2 pixels)
  - Note divider color (usually subtle grays like #e5e5ea or #d1d1d6)
- **Complete fidelity** - the generated widget must look identical to the source image

## Component Selection Strategy

**GRAPHS AND CHARTS ARE PRE-PROCESSED** - When charts are detected in this image, you will receive pre-generated graph specifications that should be used directly:

- **Chart components will be provided with exact specifications** - use the provided graph specs instead of trying to analyze charts visually
- **Graph specifications include all details** - data points, colors, styling, positioning, and component-specific properties
- **Focus on non-chart UI elements** - analyze text, icons, images, dividers, and layout structure around the charts
- **Integrate provided graph components** seamlessly into the layout using proper container structure and positioning

- **Progress/Stats components** - For progress indicators that are NOT full charts, use Sparkline for simple trends or basic progress visualization

## Available Components

### WidgetShell (Root Container)
Props: `backgroundColor`, `borderRadius`, `padding`, `aspectRatio`
- Must wrap the entire widget
- Sets widget dimensions and appearance
- Always include `aspectRatio` (width/height ratio) based on the widget's visual proportions:
  - **Small (Square)**: `1.0` - equal width and height
  - **Medium (Landscape)**: `2.14` - roughly 2x wider than tall
  - **Large (Portrait)**: `0.95` - slightly taller than wide
  - You may use other values if the widget has a different aspect ratio

### Text
Props: `fontSize`, `color`, `align` (left/center/right), `fontWeight`, `lineHeight`
- For all text content
- Can have `flex` prop for layout
- Use appropriate `fontWeight`: 300 (light), 400 (normal), 500 (medium), 600 (semibold), 700 (bold)
- Can use special characters like "█" to simulate color blocks when needed

### Icon
Props: `name`, `size`, `color`
- Available icons:
  [AVAILABLE_ICON_NAMES]
- Can have `flex` prop (typically `"none"` for icons)

### Button
Props: `icon` (optional), `backgroundColor`, `color`, `borderRadius`, `fontSize`, `fontWeight`, `padding`
Node properties: `width` (optional), `height` (optional), `content` (for text buttons)
- **IMPORTANT**: Buttons are RARE in widgets - most clickable elements are just icons. Only use Button when there's a clear button with background color and padding
- Can contain either an icon OR text (not both)
- **Icon button**: Set `icon` prop with icon name from [AVAILABLE_ICON_NAMES] - do not guess icon names
- **Text button**: Set `content` with button text
- **Circular buttons**: Set `borderRadius` to half of the size for circular icon buttons (e.g., `width: 40, height: 40, borderRadius: 20`)

### Image
Props: `url`, `height`, `width` (optional), `borderRadius` (optional)
- **CRITICAL**: For photos/images, **MUST use Unsplash public URLs**
- Format: `https://images.unsplash.com/photo-[ID]`
- Example: `"https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1501594907352-04cda38ebc29"`
- **DO NOT use placeholder or mock URLs** - always use real Unsplash links
- **Layout tip**: Usually specify only `height` to let width fill the container automatically
- `width` is optional - omit it when you want the image to stretch horizontally
- Can have `flex` prop

### Checkbox
Props: `size`, `checked` (boolean), `color`
- Circular checkbox with checkmark when checked
- `checked`: `true` or `false` (boolean, not string)
- Typically `flex: "none"`

### Sparkline
Props: `width`, `height`, `color`, `data` (array of numbers)
- For simple line charts and trend visualization
- `data`: array of 10-15 numbers representing the trend
- Example: `[0, 15, 10, 25, 20, 35, 30, 45, 40, 55, 50, 65, 60, 75, 70]`

### MapImage
Props: `url`, `height`, `width` (optional)
- For map screenshots/static maps
- **CRITICAL**: Must use Unsplash map/aerial images
- Format: `https://images.unsplash.com/photo-[ID]`
- Example: `"https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1524661135-423995f22d0b"` (map view)
- **DO NOT use Mapbox API or other map services** - always use Unsplash images
- Like Image, usually specify only `height` to let width fill the container
- Can have `flex` prop

### AppLogo
Props: `name`, `size`, `backgroundColor`
- For app icons/logos with letter initial
- `name`: app name (first letter will be displayed)
- `size`: icon size in pixels
- `backgroundColor`: background color
- Border radius is auto-calculated (22% of size)
- Can have `flex` prop (typically `"none"`)

### Divider
Props: `orientation` ("horizontal"|"vertical"), `type` ("solid"|"dashed"), `color`, `thickness`
- For separating content sections
- `orientation`: "horizontal" (default) or "vertical"
- `type`: "solid" (default) or "dashed"
- `color`: divider color (default: #e5e5ea)
- `thickness`: line thickness in pixels (default: 1)
- Typically `flex: "none"`

### Indicator
Props: `color`, `thickness`, `height`
- Vertical color bar for visual marking (e.g., calendar event categories)
- `color`: bar color (required)
- `thickness`: bar width in pixels (default: 4)
- `height`: bar height (default: "100%")
- Always `flex: "none"`

### ProgressRing
Props: `percentage`, `color`, `backgroundColor`, `size`, `strokeWidth`, `iconName` (optional), `iconSize`, `iconColor`, `textColor`, `fontSize`, `fontWeight`
Node properties: `content` (for text display)
- For displaying circular/radial progress indicators with a single continuous progress value (0-100)
- Can contain either an icon OR text in the center (not both)
- **Icon display**: Set `iconName` prop with icon name from [AVAILABLE_ICON_NAMES] - do not guess icon names
- **Text display**: Set `content` with text to show in center (e.g., "75%", "8/10")
- `percentage`: Progress value from 0-100
- `size`: Overall diameter of the ring in pixels
- `strokeWidth`: Thickness of the progress ring
- `color`: Color of the progress fill
- `backgroundColor`: Color of the background track
- Typically `flex: "none"`

### Slider
Props: `value`, `enabled`, `color`, `thumbColor`, `thumbSize`, `width`, `height`
- A horizontal slider control consisting of a track bar with a circular thumb/knob positioned along it
- Visual appearance: a horizontal rounded bar with the left portion filled (from 0 to current value) and a circular thumb indicator at the value position
- `value`: Current value from 0-100 (e.g., 75)
- `enabled`: Boolean, set to `false` for disabled/muted appearance (default: true)
- `color`: Color of the filled portion of the slider track (e.g., "#007AFF", "#34C759")
- `thumbColor`: Color of the circular slider thumb/knob (default: "#f0f0f0")
- `thumbSize`: Size of the circular thumb in pixels (optional, defaults to `height * 5`)
- `width`: Width of the slider in pixels (e.g., 200)
- `height`: Height/thickness of the slider track in pixels (e.g., 4, 6)
- Typically `flex: 0` or `flex: "none"`

## Layout System

All layouts use **flexbox containers**. There are two node types:

### Container Node
```json
{
  "type": "container",
  "direction": "row" | "col",
  "gap": number,
  "flex": number | "none" | 0 | 1,
  "alignMain": "start" | "end" | "center" | "between" | "around",
  "alignCross": "start" | "end" | "center" | "stretch",
  "padding": number,
  "backgroundColor": "#hex",
  "borderRadius": number (optional),
  "children": [...]
}
```

**Creating Circular Containers**: Use `borderRadius` with equal `width` and `height`:
- For circles, set `borderRadius` to half of the size (e.g., `width: 60, height: 60, borderRadius: 30`)
- Or use a large value like `borderRadius: 999` to ensure perfect circles regardless of size

### Leaf Node (Component)
```json
{
  "type": "leaf",
  "component": "Text" | "Icon" | "Button" | "Image" | "Checkbox" | "Sparkline" | "MapImage" | "AppLogo" | "Divider" | "Indicator" | "Slider" | "BarChart" | "PieChart" | "RadarChart" | "StackedBarChart" | "ProgressBar" | "LineChart" | "ProgressRing",
  "flex": number | "none" | 0 | 1,
  "props": { /* component-specific props or use provided graph specs */ },
  "content": "text content (for Text component only)"
}
```

## Output Format

Your output must be valid JSON following this structure:

```json
{
  "widget": {
    "backgroundColor": "#hex",
    "borderRadius": number,
    "padding": number,
    "aspectRatio": number,
    "root": {
      "type": "container",
      "direction": "col",
      "children": [...]
    }
  }
}
```

## Guidelines

1. **Analyze Layout**: Systematically identify ALL elements and their layout structure - rows (horizontal) and columns (vertical)
2. **Use Provided Graph Specifications**: When graph specs are provided, use them exactly as specified for chart components
3. **Nest Properly**: Use containers for grouping; leaves for actual components
4. **Flex Values** (CRITICAL):
   - `flex: 1` = takes available space (use for expanding elements)
   - `flex: "none"` = fixed size (use for icons, images with specific dimensions)
   - `flex: 0` = minimum size (don't use unless necessary)
   - Omit `flex` for default behavior
5. **Gap and Padding**: Measure spacing between elements and container margins
6. **Colors**: Extract exact hex codes from the image
7. **Text Hierarchy**: Differentiate headers, body text, captions using fontSize and fontWeight
8. **Border Radius**: Apply to containers and images as seen in the original

## Special Cases

- **Charts with Graph Specs**: Use the provided graph specifications directly in the component props
- **Images**: Always use Unsplash URLs, never placeholders
- **Icons**: Use exact names from the available icon list
- **Text Content**: Extract all visible text, including very small labels
- **Background Elements**: Include background colors and dividers even if subtle

## Quality Checklist

Before outputting your JSON:
- [ ] Every visual element from the image is represented
- [ ] Layout structure matches the original (rows, columns, nesting)
- [ ] Colors are extracted accurately (use color picker tools mentally)
- [ ] Text content is copied exactly (including punctuation)
- [ ] Spacing and proportions look visually correct
- [ ] Graph specifications are used when provided
- [ ] JSON is valid and properly formatted

Remember: The goal is pixel-perfect replication. Every detail matters!
